hey Justin it's bingo here here's a
truck I think your girlfriend's gonna
like it's got lots of the nice features
on it that that we've been talking about
it has the this FX for appearance
package on it so you can see it's got
the black wheels the black stripe it's
kind of subtle down the down the side of
the truck and then I'll just walk you
around it here
completely block grill compared to yours
yours is gray it's got the 5 litre v8 in
it
see it's got sensors back here I've got
reverse camera it does have the tailgate
step which will fold out the tailgate
like that so you can get in and out of
the tailgate a little bit easier and
then this yellow handle here will will
lift up for a bar so you can get in and
out a little bit easier to show you the
inside
it's got black leather seats with the
red piping trim along the sides here all
right a little bit of a red on the
inside here here in that
seats fold up the same since got
navigation system so it's got the
subwoofer underneath to see their power
seat jump inside navigation here a
little bit different on the inside
because of that appearance package
heated and air-conditioned seats four
wheel drive is there it's got the same
kind of screen as your truck does
pretty nice equipment lunar up top
it's pretty nice I sent you the
information on this one but I think this
is kind of the closest to to what you
guys were what she would like so maybe
just let me know what you think thanks